# Point-and-Click ETL (Defunct) (Not Implementable)
(Renamed from Data_Results_Creation)
Coded using Python, the project is for the creation of statistical tests through a point-and-click system that allows users the ability to access given parameters (i.e. Data Columns) to allow the data to be taken into a testable format. The user is then allowed to select data to compare using statistical tests to be made into a data table.
The process is currently at step 2.2.1, and there are issues to be fixed with this new version of said project.
- Version 2.2.12 now has a consistent albeit informal treeview instantiation (where it has the option as one string rather than a dropdown).
- The current version requires a dataset with at least one column of indicators and at least one column of data. There are no order constraints, though when selecting treeview data, the column of data always comes last. Other columns are to be made not necessary, though still possible to implement. The current version has a more clunky process of data selection, though that means not having to create every nested result (i.e. testing a dataset of the speed of a given particle with a given luminosity and given energy level would yield treeview results with the particle, luminosity, and energy level all as one string, rather than having every different luminosity, every different energy level, and every different particle. Likewise, the size of a type of apple given where it was grown and the soil used would have such parameters, rather than the apple, the place of origin, and the soil each.)
- The current point-and-click system can now be used to upload a dataset, and that data can be segmented off into different sets of variables, though the dataset can not be restructured yet. It takes being able to place the Tkinter assets as well as remove initial ones to have the respective GUI. While it does have the ability to collect the data itself, it still lacks such a manner with the indicators.
- Plans are in order to have the ability to use two datasets (since data can be compared through two different sets should they be the same type of data).
- The point-and-click system is supposed to have the ability to select the possible comparisons (i.e. the dataset of two countries given an indicator, the dataset of a given country indicator and that of another country's given indicator, etc,.) on top of being able to properly run the GUI.
- Test cases should be automated and implemented. Given that there has only been one sole developer of this project, it is difficult to keep track of the potential errors as well as fixes that can be made. However, test cases will help make results closer to tangible with the ability to explore options that are not yet part of the code in general, particularly, the interface. Examples:
- + "Back Buttons" have to not only lead to a different interface layout, but they have to reinstantiate, or "re-grid", the forgetten or destroyed assets (and further on that, assets probably should not be destroyed if they are to stay with the values of the grid). The functionality of the interfaces, as with any test, should be maintained through the test.
- + Data has to be able to output processed data. That means being able to traverse the interfaces with multiple sets of selections while receiving expected outputs (not just the documents themselves, but the whole process).
- The newest version currently has more universal parameters (and beyond just the 3 indicator general idea) and really requires only one process to extract data from the dataset. The original idea of multiple files does not work given that having multiple would be pointless. The multiple modules idea also appears to be not needed.
- The current version allows the user to copy and paste their directory. It also does not run unless the user runs the 'data_file' with a file of their own that can run with the code through code editing. That may change later, though this idea of having the directory is enough to upload and implement a dataset if the procedure is followed properly.
- Runtime efficiency is a concern. The current version relies heavily on for-loops and is clunkier than it should be (there are many lists, dictionaries, etc., that are likely unnecessary and the loops could potentially be replaced with recursive functions so long as that they greaten the efficiency of the program).
- The documentation of the code itself has to be heavily edited. Such edits will be made with time. While removing unnecessary items is a priority, it is particularly one important improvement to be made with the documentation of the program.
- Selections are made through a 'tkinter' graphical user interface (GUI) - for one that needs explaining, it's a standard Python package which allows the user access to the window. While there could be a different interface, it currently appears sufficient as well as ideal given the requirements. The project somewhat assumes that the user is knowledgeable enough on statistics to know that they are looking to statistically test given parameters, though they are not expected to know the deeper workings of programming and statistics; unless that assumption is ammended to assume a user with a higher level of statistical or programming knowledge, it will be important to be careful of how much there is to interpret given that the user should be able to work through the interface seamlessly enough to do so on their own (another separate version might be more based on the ability of the user to interpret with greater statistical and programming sophistication). It would also help to have an interface that is generally easier for the user to use.

## Instructions
- Place CSV directory into tkinter window below where it says, "Enter the directory to your dataset, then when ready, click "Upload the dataset".
- Select the row and column specifications (the current logic is flawed on the system; as of now, the interface requires a categorical row, a quantitative column and a quantitative row. Multiple other patches need to be made as well regarding that). Select "None" to have no options (only applicable to categorical columns as of now), and select 'Submit Columns' (to be change both on name and functionality).
- Once done with the second section, select "Quantitative Rows" or "Quantitative Columns" (to be patched) then press the "Continue" button, which will take you to the treeview interface.
- The GUI functionality concludes with two treeviews that have selectable options for the time being.

Note that the project only has one developer, so it takes time to make improvements. That also means the limitations are bound to said one developer. Other part-time obligations, such as other projects and studies related to programming, also interfere with the ability of this project to continue properly. Notes on the project have been updated, and it will be considered a priority.
